In both the fields in which I work in my life the biggest barrier to entry
is intellectual capability. The marines in Vietnam were very proud
of the fact that isn enlisted men in cryptology, our test requirements
were higher than the test requirements for people who wanted
to go to officer training school and become officers, so that was one
level. The second level was the clearance a lot of young people growing
up having a good time sowing there wild loads, you know what everybody's
doing it too, and a lot of them wind up with something on
their record that will prevent them from getting a clearance in the
future. It's true when I was coming through this line of work and it's
still true today and it's true to some degree about academia as
well. You know you you need to have a good record of accomplishment
and not a record of misbehavior.